
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.- Charles Eastman
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.- Jack Welch
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.- Seneca the Younger
Wise men make more opportunities than they find.- Francis Bacon
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.- A. Powell Davies
A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.- William C. Menninger
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world.- Thomas Edison
In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks.- John Muir
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation.- Robert Schuller
Speak low, if you speak love.- William Shakespeare
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.- Abraham Lincoln
We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.- Douglas Adams
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.- William Arthur Ward
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.- George Washington
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.- Thích Nhất Hạnh
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.- Mahatma Gandhi
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.- Loretta Young
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.- Pema Chödrön
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.- Nelson Mandela
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.- Jane Austen
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but by the heart.- Blaise Pascal
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.- Richard Bach
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts.- John Junor
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.- James Oppenheim
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.- Arthur Conan Doyle
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.- Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.- Maya Angelou
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.- Henry David Thoreau
Be the chief but never the lord.- Laozi
Love and friendship exclude each other.- Jean de La Bruyère
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you are right.- Henry Ford
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.- Denis Waitley
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.- Albert Camus
There is no great genius without some touch of madness.- Seneca the Younger
The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live.- Bertrand Russell
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.- Alan Cohen
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.- John Quincy Adams
Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party.- Hanya Yanagihara
TV and the Internet are good because they keep stupid people from spending too much time out in public.- Douglas Coupland
To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.- Anna Pavlova
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.- Jack Dixon
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.- Carl Sagan
When the solution is simple, God is answering.- Albert Einstein
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.- Benjamin Disraeli
A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.- Henry David Thoreau
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.- Arthur Conan Doyle
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.- Arthur Conan Doyle
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.- Kahlil Gibran
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.- Alan Watts
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.- Richard Bach
Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!'- Bill Bradley
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.- Marcus Aurelius
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.- William Blake
None knows the weight of another's burden.- George Herbert
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.- Bruce Lee
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.- Mother Teresa
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves.- Carl Jung
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.- Norman Schwarzkopf
Happiness does not come about only due to external circumstances; it mainly derives from inner attitudes.- Dalai Lama
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.- Philip Sidney
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!- Doug Larson
When an opponent comes forward, move in and greet him; if he wants to pull back, send him on his way.- Morihei Ueshiba
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.- Alan Watts
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.- Cicero
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.- Robert Schuller
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.- Richard Bach
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.- Barbara De Angelis
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.- Zig Ziglar
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.- Laurence J. Peter
Give, even if you only have a little.- The Buddha
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.- Isocrates
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.- Aldous Huxley
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.- Laozi
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.- Elbert Hubbard
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.- Abraham Lincoln
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.- W. Clement Stone
Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.- Forrest Church
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.- Og Mandino
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.- Buckminster Fuller
O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive!- Walter Scott
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.- Franklin D. Roosevelt
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.- Daisaku Ikeda
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.- Winston Churchill
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.- Laozi
If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum.- Holly Near
The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book.- Northrop Frye
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.- Bernard Shaw
The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.- Confucius
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts.- Abraham Lincoln
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.- Michelangelo
Drop by drop is the water pot filled. Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good.- The Buddha
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.- Eleanor Roosevelt
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.- Henry Ford
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.- Zig Ziglar
The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion.- Dwight D. Eisenhower
Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without.- Henry David Thoreau
Great acts are made up of small deeds.- Laozi
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.- Wayne Dyer
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.- Napoleon Hill
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.- Winston Churchill
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.- Satchel Paige
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.- George Washington
We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.- Voltaire
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.- Cicero
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace.- Christie Brinkley
When the solution is simple, God is answering.- Albert Einstein
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation.- Robert Schuller
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.- Pema Chödrön
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.- Thomas Edison
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.- John F. Kennedy
Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.- Amy Bloom
To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.- Anna Pavlova
When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.- John F. Kennedy
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in.- Heraclitus
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!- John Pierrakos
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.- Winston Churchill
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.- Woody Allen
Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!- Dr. Seuss
Action is eloquence.- William Shakespeare
If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.- The Buddha
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.- Henry van Dyke Jr.
The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society - more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.- Charlotte Perkins Gilman
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.- Jack Welch
There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy.- Friedrich Nietzsche
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.- Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.- Robert Schuller
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.- Judy Collins
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.- Oscar Wilde
Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom - and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech.- Benjamin Franklin
Either you run the day or the day runs you.- Jim Rohn
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.- Og Mandino
Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquillity.- Billie Jean King
The root of suffering is attachment.- The Buddha
And when the world is created, it is created in such a way that those eternal objects of God's loving wisdom become actualities - interacting with one another, relating to God in the finite realm.- Rowan Williams
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.- Amelia Earhart
To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.- Walter Benjamin
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.- Audrey Hepburn
Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another?- Thomas Jefferson
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.- Epictetus
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.- Jerome
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best.- Margaret Thatcher
Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it.- Agatha Christie
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.- Oprah Winfrey
The root of suffering is attachment.- The Buddha
Never mistake activity for achievement.- John Wooden
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.- Anne Bradstreet
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.- Albert Einstein
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.- Wayne Dyer
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.- Nikos Kazantzakis
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad.- Brian O'Driscoll
Action is the foundational key to all success.- Pablo Picasso
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.- Søren Kierkegaard
I think and that is all that I am.- Wayne Dyer
Wisdom comes alone through suffering.- Aeschylus
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad.- Brian O'Driscoll
Never accept ultimatums, conventional wisdom, or absolutes.- Christopher Reeve
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.- A. Powell Davies
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.- Rumi
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.- Aristotle Onassis
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.- John F. Kennedy
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.- Thomas Edison
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.- Henry Miller
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.- Napoleon Hill
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.- William Arthur Ward
Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken.- Laurence J. Peter
If I know what love is, it is because of you.- Hermann Hesse
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.- Benjamin Franklin
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.- Margaret Chase Smith
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.- Muhammad Ali
Friendship is one mind in two bodies.- Mencius
To change one's life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.- William James
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.- Nelson Mandela
Wisdom is oftentimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.- William Wordsworth
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice.- Abraham Lincoln
One that desires to excel should endeavor in those things that are in themselves most excellent.- Epictetus
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.- Napoleon Hill
Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use.- Thomas J. Watson
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes.- Friedrich Nietzsche
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is color-blind.- Albert Schweitzer
You're never a loser until you quit trying.- Mike Ditka
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.- Confucius
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.- Winston Churchill
Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use.- Thomas J. Watson
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.- Edward Everett Hale
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.- Wayne Dyer
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.- Ed Cunningham
Two of man's basic needs are to love and to share. Both of these needs are satisfied in greater or lesser degree by friendship.- Mother Angelica
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.- Walter Lippmann
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.- Dan Gable
Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.- Dhammapada
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.- Winston Churchill
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high, and we miss it, but that it is too low, and we reach it.- Michelangelo
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!- John Pierrakos
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.- James M. Beggs
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.- Ansel Adams
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.- Blaise Pascal
When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge.- Robert Kiyosaki
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.- Edith Wharton
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.- Thomas Jefferson
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief.- Cicero
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.- Audre Lorde
No party has a monopoly on wisdom. No democracy works without compromise.- Barack Obama
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking.- H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.- Henry James
If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness.- Vusi Mahlasela
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.- John Dewey
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.- Woody Allen
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.- George Sand
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.- Marcus Aurelius
Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done.- Amelia Earhart
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.- Thomas Jefferson
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it.- Knute Rockne
You win the victory when you yield to friends.- Sophocles
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.- Carl Jung
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.- Jean-Paul Sartre
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.- Albert Einstein
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.- Alan Watts
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.- Voltaire
Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.- Napoleon Hill
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.- Ralph Waldo Emerson
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.- Winston Churchill
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.- Woody Allen
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.- Nelson Mandela
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.- Lord Byron
Love and friendship exclude each other.- Jean de La Bruyère
Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.- Oprah Winfrey
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.- Benjamin Spock
Be Impeccable with Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.- Don Miguel Ruiz
It always seems impossible until it's done.- Nelson Mandela
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.- Walter Lippmann
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.- Helen Keller
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!- Doug Larson
The only journey is the one within.- Rainer Maria Rilke
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.- Ovid
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.- Carl Jung
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.- Thomas Edison
A mind unruffled by the vagaries of fortune, from sorrow freed, from defilements cleansed, from fear liberated — this is the greatest blessing.- The Buddha
The ultimate promise of technology is to make us master of a world that we command by the push of a button.- Volker Grassmuck
He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God.- Aeschylus
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.- Wayne Dyer
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.- Wayne Dyer
I think somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.- Eleanor Roosevelt
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.- Pema Chödrön
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.- Confucius
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.- Euripides
Truth is powerful and it prevails.- Sojourner Truth
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.- Richard Bach
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action.- Jawaharlal Nehru
It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.- Hannah More
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.- Winston Churchill
The great myth of our times is that technology is communication.- Libby Larsen
A prudent question is one half of wisdom.- Francis Bacon
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.- Thomas Edison
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.- Blaise Pascal
One today is worth two tomorrows.- Benjamin Franklin
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.- Bruce Lee
All things change; nothing perishes.- Ovid
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.- Pablo Picasso
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.- Lewis Carroll
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.- John Kenneth Galbraith
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.- Bruce Lee
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.- Wayne Dyer
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.- Betty Friedan
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.- Jim Rohn
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.- Ovid
We can only learn to love by loving.- Iris Murdoch
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.- Chanakya
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.- William Shakespeare
Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years.- Frank Lloyd Wright
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremist pleasure in life.- Mark Twain
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.- Benjamin Franklin
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.- Jane Austen
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.- John C. Maxwell
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.- William Inge
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.- Rabindranath Tagore
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.- Aesop
Happiness depends upon ourselves.- Aristotle
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.- Lucille Ball
Before we acquire great power, we must acquire wisdom to use it well.- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Learning is finding out what you already know.- Richard Bach
Fear grows in darkness; if you think there's a bogeyman around, turn on the light.- Dorothy Thompson
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.- Arthur Ashe
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.- Carol Burnett
He who talks more is sooner exhausted.- Laozi
If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith.- Albert Einstein
Never deny a diagnosis but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it.- Norman Cousins
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.- Ella Fitzgerald
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed.- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.- Samuel Beckett
A friend is a gift you give yourself.- Robert Louis Stevenson
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.- John Dryden
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.- William Blake
All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted.- Teresa of Ávila
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.- John Lasseter
We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything.- Thomas Edison
The human spirit must prevail over technology.- Albert Einstein
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.- Hannah More
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.- Bruce Lee
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.- Winston Churchill
Error is discipline through which we advance.- William Ellery Channing
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.- Margaret Fuller
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.- Eleanor Roosevelt
Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in everything.- Aesop
If you wish to be a writer, write.- Epictetus
In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
You can do it if you believe you can!- Napoleon Hill
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.- Bertrand Russell
Joy is the best makeup.- Anne Lamott
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.- Aristotle
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.- Laozi
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.- Laozi
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.- Arthur Schopenhauer
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.- John Powell
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.- Alexandre Dumas
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.- Winston Churchill
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.- Kenji Miyazawa
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.- Yogi Berra
Peace begins with a smile.- Mother Teresa
Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.- Miguel de Cervantes
Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature.- Charles Dickens
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.- Marcus Aurelius
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.- Richard Bach
Do one thing every day that scares you.- Eleanor Roosevelt
Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life.- George Herbert
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.- Abraham Lincoln
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.- The Buddha
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.- Confucius
Learning never exhausts the mind.- Leonardo da Vinci
Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.- Carl Jung
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.- Peter Drucker
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.- Aristotle
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Our intention creates our reality.- Wayne Dyer
Those who cling to perceptions and views wander the world offending people.- The Buddha
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.- Simone de Beauvoir
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.- Calvin Coolidge
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.- Thích Nhất Hạnh
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.- Anaïs Nin
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.- Mahatma Gandhi
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.- Henry Ford
The fall of dropping water wears away the Stone.- Lucretius
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.- Confucius
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.- Aristotle
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.- Voltaire
Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.- Peter Elbow
The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure.- William Blake
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.- Thomas Edison
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.- Immanuel Kant
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.- Jane Wyman
When you learn, teach. When you get, give.- Maya Angelou
All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.- Sai Baba
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.- Confucius
They can do all because they think they can.- Virgil
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.- Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.- Bernard Shaw
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.- Tony Robbins
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.- David Eddings
I can't listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland.- Woody Allen
Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends.- H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.- Will Rogers
Love demands infinitely less than friendship.- George Jean Nathan
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.- Winston Churchill
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.- Pablo Picasso
I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.- Lucille Ball
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.- Confucius